hey guys Dano here with drug-addicts
comte we'll be doing a quick unboxing of
the iPhone 5s in Space Gray now this
retails for five hundred or six hundred
and forty nine dollars on no contract
unsubsidized and $200 on a two-year
contract now the prices go up as you
want more gigs but yeah let's go ahead
and get started this is pretty much the
same boxes last year how much this
changed except for this design in the
front which this was last year's design
you know they took a different rope this
time you can see the touch ID right
there sporting the flat design in iOS 7
but let's go ahead and open this up now
this one in particular is actually a 64
gigabyte so that one is 849 if I'm not
mistaken on no contract and then 400 on
contract I believe but yes let's pull
this up and here we go boom this is
actually my favorite color of the bunch
I was gonna get the black one last year
but I didn't go for because it was just
a bit too dark and this is this I think
is perfect
well let's peel off this plastic because
that's that's just perfect
it sounds great now let's peel off the
other one alright here we go
boom that is how it looks it looks it
just looks awesome oh my gosh hold on
let me show you the five for comparison
look at this look how old this is and
and just not want it anymore because
this one has magical features that this
one cannot have ever no but in all
seriousness it does look a whole lot
better the home button doesn't have the
little square right in the middle looks
cleaner let's go ahead and boot this on
back and I also didn't want to go with
white again because I'm already bored of
the white and gold which we'll do an
unboxing of next and then the white as
well is
just I I'm not a big fan of gold or at
least I haven't even like I haven't even
touched it so maybe I'll love it and
we'll see in that video how I like but
yeah dual LED flash single better camera
looks cooler too you can kind of see it
there Apple logo seems to be bigger or I
don't know illusion no probably same
size same size
boom boom black right here white right
here on the past one turn it over let's
see if there's anything different here
look pretty much the same yep same thing
yep
all works fine looks really good though
bottom take a closer look same thing
looks really cleaning the space gray
just looks man it's just this hint of
black on the white and that's why I like
it but yeah this is that those are the
main changes inside of course you have
the new processor the the chips well I'm
not going to get into that right now
I'll get into that in the review but you
have a whole bunch of stuff in there
that make it much faster than the
previous generation and that was a quick
comparison in case any of you would like
to see is my iPhone ah there we go
5c so here's the iPhone 5c because you
want to see the the room difference
there we go it is bigger you can really
see it there but this was curved and
feels really good in the hand but this
one of course you feel the premium
without premium devices you just feel it
as soon as you touch it it's really cool
I'm the home button um maybe this one's
a little bit click here you can kind of
hear this okay so iPhone 5s nope nope
iPhone 5s oh my gosh okay iPhone 5s
iPhone 5c 5s
so yeah I don't even know if you can
hear that but it doesn't really matter
because they're both really cool
whichever one you opt for your going to
love it and yeah that is our unboxing oh
actually I forgot to show you what's
inside the box which isn't as equally as
important but okay so even no one know
we got the manuals stickers and that in
here and then we get the earpods
AC adapter and USB charging cable but
that is it for this unboxing thank you
guys for watching make sure to check out
all the other things if you want to
check out wallpapers for your iPhone 5s
or five or whatever make sure to visit
the website there's a really cool
collection of wallpapers that I've
collected that look great on these
devices and yeah we'll catch you guys in
the next video goodbye